docs: Rewriting pages about editors (#2552)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/partials/proc_adding-or-removing-extensions-in-the-embedded-open-vsx-registry-instance.adoc

include::example$snip_{project-context}-steps-to-add-or-remove-extensions-in-openvsx-sync-json.adoc[]

> ** If the extension is published on link:https://open-vsx.org[open-vsx.org], you can copy and use the *Unique identifier* from the extension's listing page on link:https://open-vsx.org[open-vsx.org]:

Reviewer: Consider skipping the second mention of the vsx web address since it's mentioned earlier in the same sentence already.

Author: Thank you. That's great. I'm incorporating this in my update.

> ** If the extension is published on link:https://open-vsx.org[open-vsx.org], you can copy and use the *Unique identifier* from the extension's listing page on link:https://open-vsx.org[open-vsx.org]:

Author: ```suggestion
** If the extension is published on link:https://open-vsx.org[open-vsx.org], you can copy and use the publisher and extension names from the extension's listing page:
```

+
[source,json,subs="+quotes"]
----
    {

>         "id": "__<Unique_identifier>__"

Author: ```suggestion
        "id": "__<publisher>__.__<extension>__"
```
